# Project Name

Big Data and Cloud System Platform

## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Frontend](#frontend)
- [Backend](#backend)
- [Jupyter Notebook](#jupyter-notebook)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## About

This is a platform that visualizes individual city weather information for 14 representative cities in Oregon and visualizes weather information between two cities, taking the motif of the Google Maps weather platform using Weather Open API. By building Docker images for code for the front-end, back-end, and Jupyter notebooks, we containerize the code and automate data updates by converging Kubernetes and CI/CD. Users create city information they want to know on the front end, and the extracted information is sent to the back end in json file format. In the backend, data generated by the Weather Open API is stored in the AWS RC2 MySQL database, and the backend and Jupyter notebook connected to the database fetch and store the data. Since the platform was set to target all ages, we pursued a UI/UX design that anyone can use by introducing Google Maps, using classic buttons, and using markers. Targeting all ages means users do not need any background knowledge to use the platform, and this has been introduced to increase the user experience.

## Frontend

### Overview

We constructed a component tree using a React application. It consists of 5 pages including navigation.

1. people
2. product
3. login
4. resources
5. platform

The error page is defined in the <Error> component, and the component tree starts from the <Root> page.

Each page consists of the following components and user interface.

- People
PersonCard Component: Displays the names and information of project members.

- Product
Landing Page Component: This is an overview that explains the project description, target, and purpose.

- Login
Login Component: This is a user login component that distinguishes between administrators and users. Administrators are given two buttons, one to update the information about each city. It is stored in AWS Database, and there is a table corresponding to the city name in the database and updates the city data. The other is a button for automation, which allows the administrator to update the server if updated code exists on GitHub.

- Resources
Resources Component: Records the platform version and shares usage instructions. We also provide a link to download the platform's Docker container.

### Technologies Used

List the technologies, frameworks, and libraries used in the frontend development.

### Installation

Provide instructions on how to set up and run the frontend locally.

### Usage

Explain how to use the frontend, including any important features or functionalities.

The library installations used are broadly as follows:

1. React.js
2. Redux.js
3. Emotion
4. JWTdecode
5. Google Map API


## Backend

### Overview

The backend part of the project handles data processing, business logic, backend services, and interaction with databases.

### Technologies Used

### REST API and Path

### Port and Dockerizing

### Installation

Provide instructions on how to set up and run the backend locally.

### Usage

Explain how to use the backend, including any important endpoints or APIs.



## Jupyter Notebook

### Overview

Jupyter Notebook is used for data analysis, visualization, and modeling.

### Technologies Used

List the technologies and libraries used in the Jupyter Notebook.

### Installation

Provide instructions on how to set up and run the Jupyter Notebook environment.

### Usage

Explain how to use Jupyter Notebook for data analysis and modeling.

## Installation

Provide general instructions on how to install and set up the entire project, including both frontend, backend, and Jupyter Notebook components.

## Usage

Provide instructions on how to use the project as a whole.

## Contributing

Provide guidelines for contributing to the project, including how to report issues and submit pull requests.

## License

Specify the project's license and provide any additional terms or conditions.
